Document the deprecated kubernetes.io/psp annotation (#34675)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-policy.md

2. If the pod must be defaulted or mutated, the first PodSecurityPolicy
   (ordered by name) to allow the pod is selected.

When a Pod is validated against a PodSecurityPolicy, [a `kubernetes.io/psp` annotation](/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#kubernetes-io-psp)

> is added with its name as its value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is added to the Pod, with the name of the PodSecurityPolicy as the annotation value.
```

And create it with kubectl:

```shell

> kubectl-admin create -f https://k8s.io/examples/policy/example-psp.yaml

Reviewer: You can skip “Define the example PodSecurityPolicy object in a file” too.

(nit: this tidying, to avoid having the reader paste in a manifest, would be even better if done in its own commit)

Author: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/34675/commits/1d55061a5a748bd9cd953470c847ac012cc2cf8f

pod "pause" created
```

It works as expected! You can verify that the pod was validated against the
newly created PodSecurityPolicy:

```shell
kubectl-user get pod pause -o yaml | grep kubernetes.io/psp

> kubernetes.io/psp: example

Reviewer: Please [separate the command from its output](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#separate-commands-from-output).

Author: I did it also for the rest, I am not sure how much "the output is similar to this" I should imply instead of writing but this seems ok!

Author: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/34675/commits/8a4e62fb766e8efc296ca91823b210941fb24bcd
